[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Frieza's top lieutenant Zarbon
underwent a shocking
transformation,
and proceeded to unleash
the full extent of his power
on an unprepared Vegeta.
As the two titans clashed,
Krillin and Dende raced to
collect the final Dragon Ball,
before it was too late...
You'll pay... when...
the Dragon Balls are mine!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Narrator] "Power Up, Krillin!
Frieza's Mounting Apprehension!"
There it is. That really tall
rock formation in front of us!
No kidding?
Well, let's hope the long
trip was worth it...
The Grand Elder's
lived in that house
longer than any of us know...
Kinda conspicuous...
Seriously, I mean with it
right out in the open like this
the bad guys'll
barely have to look.
Doesn't seem all that
smart if you ask me...
Huh?
I hate to ask this, but what
if they've already been here?
Oh...
I don't know...
[door opening]
That's Nail!
Thank goodness! That means
everything's alright!
[Krillin] He's the spitting
image of Piccolo!
[Nail] I am relieved you and the
visitor got here safely, Dende.
The Grand Elder
has become aware
of the dark clouds
gathering over our homeworld.
So he has seen all
of the horrible things
that have been going on.
Good. The less explaining
we have to do, the better.
The Grand Elder wishes to see
you. Please, come inside.
But... Wh-Why would he stay
if he knew what was happening?
This place is so obvious;
both of you should try to hide!
Alas, the Grand Elder
knows all too well
how futile that would be...
I'm afraid at his age hiding
simply isn't an option...
And there's nothing
left for me to do
but stay by his side
and protect him
for as long as I can.
So then, all the
rumors are true...
He isn't long
for this world...
Enter. Please.
[Krillin] This guy could
hold his own in a fight.
He seems a lot
stronger than the rest
of the Namekians I've seen...
Above.
Elder... Dende and
the visitor have come.
[Krillin] No way!
Welcome... You come to us
from a planet called Earth, yes?
First of all, allow me
to express my gratitude
for seeing a child of mine
to safety... Thank you.
Uh... Hey, uh...
No need to thank me...
It was nothing, really...
Hyaa!
Well, okay... Guess I'm
officially maxed out now.
Still, though...
I've mastered fifty-times
the gravity of Earth.
And fast! Real fast!
Looks like my little
face-off with Vegeta
did a lot more than put me
in the hospital after all, huh?
By the cruel hand
of these invaders,
many of my children
have died...
Their sacrifices
weigh on my heart like--
[cough]
--like an ocean.
The villains seek
the Dragon Balls
for their own insidious
ends, am I correct?
[Krillin] Yes.
To think such beacons of hope
could be so foully twisted...
That the pinnacle
of our peoples' wisdom
could incur such loss...
Forgive me for cutting
to the chase here, but...
with all due respect,
Grand Elder,
if it's okay with you...
I need to borrow the Dragon
Ball that's above your head.
I promise I won't let it
fall into their clutches.
Never in a million years!
You are on a quest to collect
the Dragon Balls
for yourself then?
Yes, sir.
I wanna use them to bring
back some old friends
who died protecting me.
I'd like to ask
the same thing, sir...
Please, Grand Elder...
If his friends were brought
back, then just maybe
together they might
be able to stand
against these evil
men and defeat them!
And how is it you
know of our legacy?
We had them back home, too.
You mean on Earth?!
Long ago, when this
planet was in crisis,
one of your people
journeyed across the stars
and came to our world...
[Krillin] For whatever reason,
he created the
Dragon Balls for us.
Ah, yes... I remember now...
A gifted child... A genius...
The scion of Katattsu--
brightest flame
among the tribes of old...
Imagine a maker of Dragon Balls
reaching as far out into
the cosmos as that...
He was killed...
along with my friends,
by one of the monsters
who's here now...
A Saiyan named Vegeta who
wanted to destroy the Earth.
The Saiyans are indeed
a formidable race...
I feel for our lost prodigy.
Permit me to ask--
was this monster by
chance a Super-Saiyan?
A Super-Saiyan? What's that?
Excuse me for a moment...
Indulge an old man and
step up to my side here.
'Kay...
Please... may I draw
from your home's past?
Sure...
[electronic noises]
[evil laughter]
Oh dear... I see now...
An evil crept into him
and split the body...
[chuckle]
[maniacal laughter]
The two halves remained
equal in power
But the pure-hearted
Kami could never subdue
the dark mirror image
born of the rift...
And thus Piccolo was wrought.
Oh, the pain of it...
Poor creature... Our Namekian
heritage within him divided...
If only he could have
become whole again...
He might still be
among you, today.
You saw that?
Yes, and your intentions...
And I find the only thing purer
than they is your courage...
So holding to the principle
of my sacred trust...
I give this to you...
The Dragon Ball in my keeping.
Thank you!
Yes, thank you
Grand Elder...
Wow, this thing's
got some heft to it.
Awesome!
Alas, I fear your wish
isn't likely to be granted.
Whaddya mean? Why not?
I am ancient...
What time I have
left on this world
will end in a few days.
Do you think you'll be able
to win back the Dragon Balls
already in enemy clutches
with so little time?
It seems an insurmountable
task, and once I die...
[cough]
...the Dragon Balls
will be extinguished.
I don't care!
Forget my wish!
No matter what happens
I'll protect the one
you've given me with my life!
Vegeta and his pals won't
get it. I promise you that!
Thank you...
I don't possess the strength
to protect it myself.
It's my honor, sir!
You have truly incredible
reserves of strength, friend...
Your power is enviable...
And yet so little
of it is tapped.
Reserves, huh? What do you...?
[Grand Elder] Let us see if
the floodgates may be opened...
[strange noises]
Sorry...
I'm pretty sure I'm already
"tapped" out, you know?
I mean my training's
been wicked crazy...
Even right now I'm beyond
my normal limits
back home, so uh...
[nervous laughter]
[buzzing]
Krillin... Do your best,
but remember time is fleeting.
Whoa!
Wha- What have you done to me?!
[crazed laughter]
This power!
I can feel it surge!
I can't believe it!
[laughter]
This is just awesome!
I feel like I've been
totally reborn!
Thank you so much,
Grand Elder!
Um... Is it...
Is it possible for you
to tap into anyone's power?
Like maybe...
Like a little kid's power?
If the power is there
to tap, of course.
I assume you have
someone in mind?
Well... I mean does
unlocking someone's potential
like, drain you or anything?
Not at all... I only
provide the catalyst
for what lay dormant--
my life force isn't affected.
Then would it be okay,
for me to bring a lil' buddy
of mine up here to see you?
So you can be like the catalyst
or whatever for him--
'Cause I'm sure his reserves
have to be totally amazing!
Bring him to me...
The stronger our friends,
the better chance
right has to prevail.
Cool! I'll be back
in a little while!
What should I um...
do with this?
Take it with you, my boy...
From this point forward
the fate of our world,
and perhaps the universe
itself, rest in your hands.
Dende... You just wait here...
I'll be back with Gohan before
you have a chance to miss me.
B- Be careful out there!
WOO-HOO!!!
[flying noise]
Yeah! Ha-ha!
I can get Gohan back
here in no time now!
How completely and totally
beyond sweet is this?!
[laughter]
How is this possible?!
We haven't even been
to this village yet,
but someone's already gone
and laid it to waste!
No one would think to
look for it underwater...
[evil laugh]
...and I'll be the only one
who knows where it is.
[evil laugh]
I must recover it
at all costs...
Tell me... Who did this to you?
The Saiyan... took...
our Dragon Ball...
Smells like Vegeta.
Please help me.
[electricity sounds]
[screaming]
I look like a doctor to you?
Frieza, my lord.
It's Zarbon.
You may enter now.
Tell me that you
discovered a village.
No, with all apologies, lord,
I've yet to locate one...
But I'm happy to report that
Vegeta has been dealt with.
Ah... Excellent...
And you transformed...
It's been a great while
since you resorted to that.
Yes.
So... I take this to mean
that Vegeta is dead?
Well... Circumstances ruled out
my finding a corpse,
but even if by some
chance he's still alive
I assure your lordship
his injuries are grave...
You mean to tell me you procured
no confirmation of his death?!
Uh, He- He was totally
submerged under water;
the current carried
him away so I--
Ah, well I guess we wouldn't
want you getting wet...
Perhaps you might have retreived
him if you weren't so concerned
about getting your
stupid hair tousled!
For that matter, what gave you
the right to "deal" with him
without my consent
in the first place?
Had it not occurred to you
that Vegeta may very well
have found a Dragon
Ball on his own and,
I don't know, hidden it?!
I'm- I am so sorry, my lord!
I'll go and retrieve
him at once.
Sir! I've discovered a Namekian
village while out on patrol!
The bad news is the village
has already been wiped out
and their Dragon Ball taken!
What did you say?!
[Oran] My gut tells me
it's the work of Vegeta.
[Zarbon] Then he is
hiding a Dragon Ball!
There was one villager who
survived the attack
but I dealt with him,
filthy scum.
You imbecile. You disposed
of the only witness.
Frieza?
[screaming]
There are few things I dispise
more than a minion who
takes it upon himself to make
executive decisions.
Zarbon, if Vegeta is dead
then prepare yourself
to follow his example.
Bring the prodigal son
back here... Now.
And for your sake hope
he's still in a position
to be of use to me.
[Frieza] Appule!
Sir?
Contact Planet
Frieza immediately
and inform them
I require a shipment
of replacement scouters
without delay. Understood?
Have them delivered
in care of the Ginyu Force.
[Frieza] Five days
is my expectation.
Understood, sir!
With all due respect,
Lord Frieza--
isn't calling the Ginyu
Force perhaps a bit excessive?
I realize things look dire,
but surely the situation
hasn't spiraled
so hopelessly out-of-control
that we need their help...?
My sense of foreboding would
tend to suggest otherwise.
What... sort of
foreboding, my lord?
A notion has plagued me
for quite some time now...
The idea... that
somewhere out there,
a Saiyan has come into his own
and is destined
to become my enemy.
[Frieza] Vegeta of course was
the likeliest candidate,
but now I'm not so sure...
Yes, but... My lord, I...
Again with all due respect
the only Saiyans left
in existence apart from him
are this what's-his-name on
Earth and his infant son, yes?
And based on what I've
come to understand, sir...
Their powers are well
below even Vegeta's--
So you're telling me
this sense of foreboding
is little more than
childish paranoia...
No sir!
Then stop yammering
and bring Vegeta back here
before I lose what little
patience with you I have.
Yes, my lord!
The Ginyu Force...
[Frieza] Even as children,
Saiyans possess unfathomable
stores of raw power...
What battles don't
finish them off
only serve to make
them stronger...
Not nearly as strong as me,
of course, but still...
Foresight demands I wrench
this bothersome little monkey
off my back before it becomes
something more cumbersome.
The fabled Super-Saiyan would be
a most inopportune foe indeed.
[snoring]
I slept like a log...
Wonder how many
hours I've been out?
Okay... Can't move...
Not good!
I'm... not... finished!
This... fight...
is not... done!
Unbelievable!
Still alive after
the thrashing you took...
Quite the tough guy, huh?
Heh, heh...
Of course you are,
and that resilience
is my ticket back
into Frieza's good
graces... Up we go...
[beeping]
Hmm? Hey, Gohan...
Come here for a sec...
Take a look at the radar.
[Bulma] One of the Dragon
Balls is on the move...
It's headed in our direction!
Um... So what do you think
the chances are that
that's Krillin?
Pretty good... I think
he's found one!
They made it to the Grand
Elder's safe and sound.
Now he's on his way
back here to us!
Wait. Hold on...
There's another one...
Right there... Weird...
I didn't notice it 'til now.
[Bulma] Huh?
These five right here
have gotta be the ones
that Frieza guy
has gathered up...
But then there's this one
out here all by itself. See?
Hey, you're right. And
not all that far from us.
In fact... It's just
over that way, right?
[beeping]
Remember the village Vegeta
was attacking a while ago?
That's the direction is was in!
[beeping]
[Gohan] But... He's
not there anymore...
[beeping]
I'd sense his energy if he was.
I get it now! The Dragon Ball
is obviously still there
which means Vegeta
couldn't find it
and he's moved on
out of frustration!
Yeah!
He's probably off on the other
side of the planet by now
and we're practically
next door to the last one!
Bulma, you've gotta let me
borrow that radar... Please...
I'm gonna track that Dragon Ball
down before he comes back.
You've got it
pal... Here...
'Bout time we had
a little luck.
[beeping]
Report.
His condition
is critical, sir...
All vital signs are
steadily dropping.
Even if he does manage
to pull through...
I can't guarantee he'll
regain consciousness.
You are to bring him
around whatever it takes!
Is that perfectly
clear, Appule?!
Yes...
Otherwise, my condition
will be critical...
[beeping]
Cool... All clear...
This is my chance...
None of the bad guys are nearby!
[Narrator] Krillin and Gohan
have made their move
to take two of the Dragon
Balls out of play.
But with Frieza's men
still on the prowl,
Vegeta on the mend,
and Goku on his way
to Planet Namek--
this game is far from over!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Sorry, I'm a little confused.
Remind me: Who's got
how many Dragon Balls?
[Gohan] Frieza has five,
so he's got the most.
But Krillin has one,
and if I find the last of 'em,
we can stop the bad guys!
[Vegeta] Dream on!
I'll be the lucky one today!
Get ready to answer for what
you've done to me, Zarbon!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"The Scheme is Shattered!
Vegeta Strikes Back at Zarbon!"
I think it's about time to turn
this baby up to one-hundred!